This is where all the sample code that I have created is located.

If you are unable to read how did you know to read this file you dumbshit.

There are 4 folders at the time of creating this file, they are
Autos - This is where all the sample autonomous programs I have made are
Misc - This is where the miscellaneous programs that I have made are this includes hardware class
files
Telemetry - This is where stuff like sensor telemetry is so you can get readings from different
sensors.
Teles - This is where the sample drive programs that have been made are, this reaches from tank
drive to the mecanum drive and stuff with servos.

This is where sample programs should be created and Made DO NOT PUT YOUR PROGRAMS HERE put them in
your team's folder that is what they are there for.

Once you are done making edits for the day or anytime that you would want something checked commit
it in github so I can look at it or someone who isn't trying to program the big scary frc bot can
try to help.

oh by the way this stupid line thing is really helpful to know where the end of a page is if you are
 going to put your code in a doc.  ---------------------------------------------------------------->

 At this point i am just kindoff rambling on about nothing so that is a good thing YOU BETTER BE
 READING MY RAMBLING because if you know how I talk there are times that when I am doing this progra
 mming thing that you all thing I am so fond of and you people are for whatever reason interested in
 OR FORCED to do this happens.

 Things about my formatting you use spaces in your code you need to stop, and start use the     TAB
 because it makes things more precise. Don't worry about the fact that when i reformat everything
 every once in a while everything becomes uniform.

 Oh yeah you can treat me as the programming person that you should ask all of the questions if I
 find out that you thought someone else could fix a real programming issue and not something with
 the phones i will find you whisper in your ear and walk away while staring at you

 Before you end the day commit your updates after giving them a name and push them into the
 repository so if there are any issues you can fix them at home or they can be reviewed after class

GITHUB TRAINING STATUS
 Arkin - Nearly
 Chris - doi
 Willow - very doi
 Luke - wait what
 Everyone else - I don't know you yet, or know that you are going to be programming.

 IF I SEE THAT YOU ARE NOT COMMITING YOUR PROGRAMS AT THE END OF THE DAY RIGHT BEFORE CLEANUP YOU
 WILL BE FOUND AND YOU WILL HAVE YOUR EAR WHISPERED IN WHILE I STARE AT YOU WHILE WALKING AWAY.

 I don't know what else to put here so yeah things instructions not really though go make shitty
stuff that I have to fix later.